Charles Dickens - Oliver Twist
H. G. Wells - La guerra de los mundos
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe - Las penas del joven Werther
H. G. Wells - La máquina del tiempo
H. G. Wells - El hombre invisible
Charles Dickens - Los papeles póstumos del Club Pickwick
Francis Bacon - La Nueva Atlántida
Charles Dickens - El misterio de Edwin Drood
Jan Potocki - El manuscrito encontrado en Zaragoza
James Malcolm Rymer - Varney el vampiro
Desconocido - Ashiq Qarib
Mary Wollstonecraft - María o Los agravios de la mujer
H. G. Wells - A Story of the Stone Age
Robert Louis Stevenson - The Wrecker
Lloyd Osbourne - The Wrecker
Q61060796 - Sukumari
http://www.wikidata.org/.well-known/genid/4fdc99650a8aa2f04cebbbeaaf4c10dd - The Songs of Simple Simon
A. E. Bonser - The Maker of Ghosts and the Maker of Shadows
Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve - Beauty and the Beast
Jakob Wassermann - Melusine
Maggie Browne - The Surprising Adventures of Tuppy and Tue
Emma Wolf - A Prodigal in Love
Peter Rosegger - Q56243278
Robert Louis Stevenson - The Story of a Recluse
David Friedrich Weinland - Rulaman
Nikolái Leskov - Q29966877
Józef Ignacy Kraszewski - Q30909153
Jodocus Temme - Der Teufel
William Makepeace Thackeray - Q123823156
Thomas Frost - Perkin Warbeck; or, the last of the Plantagenets
Pierce Egan the Younger - Quintin Matsys the Blacksmith of Antwerp
J F Smith - Amy Lawrence, the freemason's daughter
Charles Henry Ross - The Woman with the Yellow Hair
George W. M. Reynolds - The Empress Eugenie's Boudoir
George W. M. Reynolds - Agnes; or, beauty and pleasure
Thomas Frost - Emma Mayfield; or, the rector's daughter
George W. M. Reynolds - Ellen Percy; or, the memoirs of an actress
William Hurton - The Doomed Ship; or, the wreck of the Arctic regions
George W. M. Reynolds - The Loves of the Harem
Matthew Henry Barker - Jem Bunt: a tale of The Land and the Ocean
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Miser of Shoreditch: or, the curse of avarice. An original historical legendary romance of the Sixteenth Century
Pierce Egan the Younger - The London Apprentice and the Goldsmith's Daughter of West Chepe; or, the evil May-day
Gabriel Alexander - Lilias, the milliner's apprentice
George Marcus Viner - Aunt Eliza's Garret; or, scenes in the life of a needle-woman
George W. M. Reynolds - Rosa Lambert: or, the memoirs of an unfortunate woman
Hannah Maria Jones - Katharine Beresford, or the shade and sunshine of woman's life
Desconocido - Tales of Chivalry; or, perils by flood and field
James Malcolm Rymer - The Secretary; or, circumstantial evidence
J F Smith - Stanfield Hall. A romance
J F Smith - Rochester: or, the Merry Days of Merry England
Desconocido - The New budget of recitations
George W. M. Reynolds - The Soldier's Wife
James Malcolm Rymer - Paul Clifford; or, hurrah for the road
Gabriel Alexander - Robert Bruce, the hero-king of Scotland
George W. M. Reynolds - Mary Price; or, the memoirs of a servant-maid
James Malcolm Rymer - Jessie Arnold; or, the murder at the old well
James Malcolm Rymer - Phoebe; or, the miller's maid. A romance of deep interest
James Malcolm Rymer - Cousin Cecil; or, The Wheel of fortune
Ebenezer Edward Peron Hingston - Helen Porter; or, a wife's tragedy and a sister's trials
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Harvest Home. A domestic romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Robber's Wife. A domestic romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Miller and his Men; or, the secret robbers of Bohemia
James Malcolm Rymer - The Duchess. A domestic romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - Gilderoy; or, the freebooter of Scotland
Thomas Peckett Prest - Richard Parker; or, the mutiny at the Nore
Thomas Peckett Prest - Jack Junk; or, the tar for all weathers
James Malcolm Rymer - The Bridal Ring; or, the maiden's sacrifice
Charles Alfred Somerset - Captain Hawk; or, the shadow of death
Henry Cockton - The Sisters; or, the fatal marriages
Thomas Peckett Prest - Jonathan Bradford; or, the murder at the road-side inn
Thomas Frost - Obi; or, three-fingered Jack
Joseph Holt Ingraham - The Patriot's Bride; or, the young colonist
Thomas Peckett Prest - Evelina, the Pauper's Child; or, poverty, crime and sorrow
James Malcolm Rymer - Vanderdecken; or, The Flying Dutchman. A romance of the ocean
James Malcolm Rymer - Mazeppa; or, the wild horse of the Ukraine
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Maniac Father, or, the victim of seduction
Pierce Egan the Younger - Robin Hood and Little John
James Malcolm Rymer - The Gambler's Wife; or, murder will out
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Wife's Secret. A romance
James Malcolm Rymer - The Oath; or, the buried treasure
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Thirteenth; or, The Fatal Number
Jocquim Hayward Stocqueler - Maid Marian, the Forest Queen
Desconocido - The Protector's Secret; or, the Puritan's daughter
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Blighted Heart; or, the old priory ruins
Thomas Peckett Prest - Gallant Tom; or, the perils of a sailor ashore and afloat
Desconocido - The Blind Beggar of Bethnal-Green and Pretty Bessy
Thomas Peckett Prest - Ethelinde; or, the fatal vow
Desconocido - The Pledge: or, the first step to fortune
James Malcolm Rymer - Alice Home: or, the Revenge of the blighted one
James Malcolm Rymer - The Appointed Hour; a romance of Venice
T. H. Fenton - The Black Pirate; or, the phantom ship
P. O'Shaugnessey - The Miser's Fate. A romance
Emilie Flygare-Carlén - The Temptation of Wealth
Joseph Holt Ingraham - The Ringdove. A romance
Ned Buntline - The Virgin Bride
Dennis Hannigan - The Adventures of a Vagabond
James Malcolm Rymer - Miranda; or, the heiress of the Grange
James Malcolm Rymer - Dead Man's Hollow; or, the bridal of Bodesden
Thomas Peckett Prest - Blanche Langdale the outlaw's bride
James Malcolm Rymer - Newgate. A romance
James Malcolm Rymer - The Rivals; or, the spectre of the hall
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Gipsy Boy
Desconocido - The Castle Fiend; or, the fate of the loved and the lost
James Malcolm Rymer - Moreton; or, the doomed house. A romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - Clarisse; or, the merchant's daughter
Harriot Flora Curtis - A Lady in Search of a Husband
Benjamin Barker - The Commodore's Daughter
Maturin Murray Ballou - The Rosebud; or, twice condemned
Osgood Bradbury - The Unhappy Bride; or, the grave of the profligate
Tom Shortfellow - The Golden Marriage. A romance of deep interest
Justin Jones - The Corsair; the foundling of the sea
Catherine Cuthbertson - Santo Sebastiano; or, the heiress of Montalvan
John Close - Adventures of an Author; or, the Westmoreland novelist
Osgood Bradbury - Lucelle; or the young Indian
William Gilmore Simms - Helen Halsey; a tale of the borders
Benjamin Barker - Poor Mary; or, the love engagement
Dennis Hannigan - The Orange Girl of Venice
John Baldwin Buckstone - The Green Bushes; or, a hundred years ago
George Cruikshank - The Bottle; or, the first step to crime
James Malcolm Rymer - Jane Brightwell; or, the beggar's petition
Ellen T— - Rose Sommerville; or, a husband's mystery and a wife's devotion
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Old House of West Street; or, London in the last century
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Death Ship; or, the pirate's bride and the maniac of the deep
James Malcolm Rymer - The Night Adventurer; or, the palaces and dungeons of the heart
James Malcolm Rymer - The Apparition
J. Herbert Thornley - Life in London
George William Lovell - The Wife's Secret
James Lindridge - Tales of Shipwrecks and Adventures at Sea
James Lindridge - The Life and Adventures of Jack Rann; alias Sixteen-string Jack, the notorious highwayman
Oliver Goldsmith - The Vicar of Wakefield
Eugène Sue - Вечный жид
Henry Cockton - Sylvester Sound the Somnambulist
Desconocido - Manuscripts from the Diary of a Physician, volume 1
Thomas Peckett Prest - Blanche Heriot; or, the Chertsey curfew. A romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - Ernnestine de Lacy; or, the robber's foundling
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - The Life of George Barnwell
Thomas Peckett Prest - A Legend of the Tower of London
Charles Dickens - Oliver Twist, book the third
William Frederick Deacon - Vincent Eden
Charles Hooton - Colin Clink
Washington Irving - Wolfert's Roost
Washington Irving - The Crayon Papers
Charles Dickens - Oliver Twist, book the second
Renton Nicholson - Cockney Adventures and Tales of London Life
Renton Nicholson - Uncle Bob; or, the Water-Party
Charles Dickens - Oliver Twist, book the first
Thomas Peckett Prest - The History and Lives of the Most Notorious Highwaymen
Renton Nicholson - Adventures of a Fishing Party
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Post-Humourous Notes of the Pickwickian Club
Charlotte-Rose de Caumont de La Force - Q124812888
Catherine Bernard - Q124827953
Desconocido - Q86356451
Desconocido - Q25640378
H. G. Wells - The Time Machine
Julio Verne - The Purchase of the North Pole: A Sequel to...
Desconocido - Marita: or the Folly of Love
George W. M. Reynolds - Margaret; or, the discarded queen
George W. M. Reynolds - Leila, or, the star of Mingrelia
Hannah Maria Jones - The Gipsey Chief; or, the haunted oak
Gabriel Alexander - Adelaide; or, the trials of a governess
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Gipsy's Prophecy
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Quadroona; or, the slave mother
Percy Bolingbroke St John - The Slave Mother. A tale of startling interest
A. C. - Lily
Mary Ann Bird - The Lady of the Fell House
J F Smith - Who is to Win? Or, the stepmother
Sarah Symonds - Sir Ernest Wentworth
James Malcolm Rymer - The Tempter
James Malcolm Rymer - Holly Bush Hall; or, the track in the snow.
F. Y. B. L. - Lucille; or, the lost child
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Wonder Of Kingswood Chace
Edwina Burbury - The Autobiography of an Heiress
Pierce Egan the Younger - Love Me, Leave Me Not
Desconocido - The Sepoy's Daughter
Gabriel Alexander - Wallace: the hero of Scotland
Desconocido - The Double Man; or, the revelations of an old jailor
Desconocido - Colonel Jack; or, the life of a highwayman
Desconocido - Old Bartholomew Fair
E. D. E. N. Southworth - Rose Elmer; or, a divided heart and a divided life
E. D. E. N. Southworth - Love's Labours Won
E. D. E. N. Southworth - Laura Etheridge
Caroline Lee Hentz - Adela
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - The Gipsy Daughter; or, the king and the sorceress
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - Wolfgang; or, the wrecker's beacon. A story of the Wild Coast
Eliza A. Dupuy - The Lost Deeds
Henry Augustus Wise - Captain Brand, of the Schooner "Centipede"
Eliza A. Dupuy - The Mysterious Marriage
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - The False Beacon: A story of the Wild Coast
Henry Augustus Wise - Captain Brand; or, the pirate schooner.
Eliza A. Dupuy - The Mystic Marriage
Emerson Bennett - Hubert; or, the mystery.
Desconocido - The Death Touch: or, the terrors of the wilderness
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Bride of the Isle
Regina Maria Roche - The Children of the Abbey: a tale
Charlotte Turner Smith - Emmeline, the orphan of the castle
Charles Whitehead - Richard Savage
Miguel de Cervantes - Adventures of Don Quixote De La Mancha
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Fatal Marriage
Paul de Kock - The Barber of Paris
Samuel Ryley - The Adventures of an Actor
Hannah Maria Jones - The Scottish Chieftains; or, the perils of love and war
Hannah Maria Jones - Rosaline Woodbridge; or, the midnight visit
Eugène Sue - The Labyrinth of Love; or, the mysteries of the heart
Selina Davenport - Leopold Courteney; or, Love & hypocrisy
Eugene Plunkett - The Watchmaker
Matthew Henry Barker - Jem Bunt
Mary Bennett - The Orphan Sisters, or, the lover's secret
George Rodwell - Old London Bridge, a romance of the sixteenth century
Mary Bennett - The Cottage Girl, or, the marriage day
Desconocido - The Ocean Child; or, the wanderer of the deep
Mary Bennett - Orphan sisters; or, the lover's secret
George W. M. Reynolds - The Massacre of Glencoe
James Malcolm Rymer - The Woman of the World
George W. M. Reynolds - Mary Stuart, queen of Scots
James Malcolm Rymer - The Incendiaries; or, the haunted manor
Desconocido - Life or Death: the momentous question
Edwina Burbury - Woman's Devotion; or, the gold seekers
Desconocido - Love's Strife; or, the city and the forest
A. C. - Stracey
Desconocido - The Twin Sisters
J F Smith - Milly Moyne; or, broken at last
Harriette Smythies - The Constant Woman
Desconocido - The White Rose. A tale of the fifteenth century
Harriette Smythies - Left to Themselves; or, arab life in London
Desconocido - Gisele; or, the knights of the cross
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Love Test
Bayle Saint John - Violet Davenant; Or, The Red Hand
Albany Fonblanque - The Filibuster: A Story of Nicaragua
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Quicksands And Whirlpools
James Malcolm Rymer - The Life Raft
James Malcolm Rymer - The Divorce
James Malcolm Rymer - True Blue; or, sharks upon shore
James Malcolm Rymer - The Fallen Star
James Malcolm Rymer - Will o' the Wisp
Sarah Symonds - Madeline; or, the power of love
Annette Marie Maillard - A Woman's Secret
E. D. E. N. Southworth - Brandon of Brandon
Marguerite Agnes Power - Too Late
Desconocido - A Voice from the Tomb!
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Doom of Deville; or, the maiden's vow
Walter Scott - Ivanhoe
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Hidden Hand
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - Harry Montford, or the Privateer's Last Prize
Emerson Bennett - Hubert, the Foundling. A mystery of Paris
Alexandre Dumas - Fate; or, the avenger's doom
Octave Feuillet - The Romance of a Poor Young Man
Alice B. Neal - Margaret. A household tale
Harriet Beecher Stowe - The Minister's Wooing
James Fenimore Cooper - The Deerslayer; or, the first war path
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Masked Mother; or, the hidden hand
Walter Scott - The Fortunes of Nigel
Matthew Lewis - The Monk
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. First series. Volume 1
Felix Stowe - Winnie; or, the balance of power at the fireside
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Photographs of the Heart
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Alice Leslie
Desconocido - Rockhaven
Sarah Symonds - Cross Purposes
Annie Tinsley - Rising in the World
J F Smith - The Substance and the Shadow
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Snake In The Grass
James Malcolm Rymer - The Snow-Drift
James Malcolm Rymer - The Sepoys; or, Highland Jessie
George W. M. Reynolds - Canonbury House; or, the queen's prophecy
J F Smith - Rochester
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Flower of The Flock
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Bride of an Evening. A romance of the Rappahannock
Walter Scott - Kenilworth
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - Glendower; or, the North Sea rover. A story of the coast and waters of Old England
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - Alaric; or, the tyrant's vault. A Sicilian story of early times
Alice B. Neal - Margaret's Home. A household tale
George W. M. Reynolds - The Young Duchess; or, memoirs of a lady of quality
Paul Féval padre - The Companions of Silence
James A. Maitland - The Maid of the Lighthouse: A tale of Norwegian life
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - Glendower; or, the North Sea rover.
Virginia Frances Townsend - Look Out! A story of New England
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - Alaric; or, the tyrant's vault
Mary Hayden Pike - Agnes; or, suffering faith and ardent love
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Twin Beauties
Ann S. Stephens - Lost Jewels
Oliver Goldsmith - The Vicar of Wakefield; a tale
Harriette Smythies - Hope Evermore; or, something to do
George W. M. Reynolds - Agnes; or, beauty and pleasure. Volume 2
Clara de Chatelain - The Dalecarlian Conjuror's Day-Book
George W. M. Reynolds - May Middleton; or, the history of a fortune
George Augustus Henry Sala - Twice round the Clock; or the Hours of the day and night in London
Pierce Egan the Younger - The False Step; or, the castle and the cottage
J F Smith - The Young Pretender; Or, A Hundred Years Ago
Mary Ann Bird - Ellen Maynard; or, the death wail of the Hawkshawes
Felix Stowe - Latson
Miles Gerald Keon - Harding The Money-spinner
Julia Corner - Culverley Rise
George W. M. Reynolds - Wagner, the Wehr-Wolf. A romance
Desconocido - Deception
Sarah Symonds - Fair Helen of Glencorf
Charles Reade - White Lies
Thomas Peckett Prest - Grace Walton; or, the wanderers of the heath
Desconocido - The Haunted Woman; or, passion and perseverance
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Island Princess. A romance of the old and new world
E. D. E. N. Southworth - Love's Labor Won
Alexandre Dumas - The Dove
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Double Marriage
Ann S. Stephens - Madame De Marke
Paul Féval padre - Les Compagnons du silence
Alexandre Dumas - Royalists and Republicans; Or, The Companions of Jehu
Harriette Smythies - Lovers and Fortune-Hunters
Caroline Lee Hentz - The Snowbird
George W. M. Reynolds - Pickwick Abroad
Selina Bunbury - Coombe Abbey
Frances Trollope - Jessie Phillips, a tale of the Union workhouse
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Waits; a Christmas story
J F Smith - Smiles and Tears
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Quadroona
George W. M. Reynolds - Agnes; or, beauty and pleasure. Volume 1
Thomas Frost - Alice Leighton; or, the murder at the druids' stones
George W. M. Reynolds - The Rye House Plot; or, Ruth, the conspirator's daughter
George W. M. Reynolds - The Necromancer
George W. M. Reynolds - The Necromancer: a romance
Emma Robinson - The Star in the Dark
J F Smith - Dick Tarleton; or, lessons of life
J F Smith - Phases of Life; or, a peep behind the scenes
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Blythe Hall
J F Smith - Masks and Faces
Pierce Egan the Younger - Clifton Grey; or, love and war
Caroline Lee Hentz - Ernest Linwood
Desconocido - The Gipsey's Secret: or, the league of guilt. A story of high and humble life
Desconocido - The Contrabandist: or, the secret of a life. A true story of the South of France
Thomas Peckett Prest - Schamyl; or, the wild woman of Circassia
Fanny Fern - Rose Clark
Oliver Bell Bunce - Gilbert Waldron; or, the estrangement
Desconocido - Eleanor Ashby; or, the web of life
Desconocido - The Secret of a Life
George W. M. Reynolds - Omar: a tale of the war
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Fourth series. Volume 2
Clara de Chatelain - The Man of Many Daughters
George W. M. Reynolds - Kenneth: a romance of the Highlands
Desconocido - The Deal Boatman
Sarah Symonds - Catherine; or, the mind of woman
Annie Tinsley - The Heiress of Darren Court
J F Smith - The Soldier of Fortune
J F Smith - Temptation
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The True And False Heiress
Ambrose Hudson - Jonathan Wild; or, the Thieftaker's daughter
Pierce Egan the Younger - Edward the Black Prince; or, A Tale of the Feudal Times
Ann S. Stephens - The Bound Girl
Fanny Fern - Fanny Ford: A Story of Everyday Life
Emerson Bennett - The Forged Will
Fanny Fern - Ruth Hall
Fanny Fern - Fanny Ford. A tale of every-day life
Eugène Sue - Matilda; or, the memoirs of a young woman: a novel
Mary Bennett - The Broken Heart; or, the village bridal
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Miser of Shoreditch: or, the curse of avarice
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Fourth series
William Harrison Ainsworth - Jack Shepperd
Alexandre Dumas - The Bastard of Mauléon
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Miser of Shoreditch: or, the curse of avarice. An original historical legendary romance of the Fifteenth Century
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Fourth series. Volume 1
Ann S. Stephens - Fashion and Famine
Jocquim Hayward Stocqueler - The Forest Queen, Maid Marian
George W. M. Reynolds - The Bronze Statue, or, the virgin's kiss
Percy Bolingbroke St John - Amy Moss; or, the banks of the Ohio
Annie Tinsley - Eunice
Frances Kortright - Annie Alleyne; or, romance in Australia
Edwina Burbury - French Hay; or, lost and found
J F Smith - Woman and her Master
Desconocido - Afraja; or, life and love in Norway
James Malcolm Rymer - Varney, the Vampyre; or, the Feast of blood
Maria Susanna Cummins - The Lamplighter
George W. M. Reynolds - Joseph Wilmot; or, the memoirs of a man-servant
Ernest Charles Jones - The Maid of Warsaw; or, the tyrant czar
James Malcolm Rymer - Pedlar's Acre; or, the wife of seven husbands
Hannah Maria Jones - The Gipsey Mother; or, the miseries of enforced marriage
Thomas Peckett Prest - Ernestine de Lacy; or, the robber's foundling
Antoinette Henriette Clemence Robert - A Blot on the Family Escutcheon
George W. M. Reynolds - The Coral Island; or, the hereditary curse
George W. M. Reynolds - The Rye House Plot
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Third series. Volume 2
George W. M. Reynolds - The Two Loves
Percy Bolingbroke St John - The Arctic Crusoe
Edwin F. Roberts - The Gold-Seekers; or, the new Tontine
Annie Tinsley - Ellaby Grange
Desconocido - Speculation; or, the housekeeper's tale
Frances Kortright - Kate Donlavy; or, the heiress of Castle Connor
Edwin F. Roberts - The "United Service;" or, the twin brothers
Frances Kortright - Julia; or, life's vicissitudes
J F Smith - The Will and the Way
Desconocido - The White Slave; or, The Memoirs of a Fugitive
Genevieve Genevra Fairfield - Genevra; or, the History of a Portrait
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Uncle Tom's Cabin
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Negro Life In The Slave-States of America
John Taylor Sinnett - The Historical Romance of Cromwell and Mazarin
Hannah Maria Jones - The Curate's Daughters; or, the twin roses of Arundale
John Taylor Sinnett - The She Tiger of Paris
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Third series
George W. M. Reynolds - The Seamstress; or, the white slave of England
Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda - Guatimozín, último emperador de Méjico : novela histórica
George W. M. Reynolds - The Massacre of Glencoe: a historical tale
George W. M. Reynolds - Alfred; or the adventures of a French gentleman
Alexandre Dumas - The Historical Romance of Buckingham and Richelieu
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Third series. Volume 1
Desconocido - Peers and Protegees
Frances Kortright - Ximena; or, the Spanish lady's love
Edwin F. Roberts - The Ashes on the Hearth
Desconocido - Katherine of Mountcassel
J F Smith - Minnigrey
Alexandre Dumas - The Corsican Brothers
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Uncle Tom's Cabin. The Great American Novel
Samuel Phelps - The Complete Works of Shakespeare; revised from the original text
James Malcolm Rymer - Gentleman Jack; or, life on the road
Thomas Frost - George Barrington, the gentleman pickpocket
Ann S. Stephens - Julia Warren; or palaces and prisons
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Negro Life In The Slave-States of America. With Forty Illustrations
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Negro Life In The Slave-States of America. Cassy's great appeal
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Harvest Home
Angus Reach - Clement Lorimer; or, The Book with the Iron Clasps
Desconocido - The Cotton Spinner: A tale of the Manchester factories
Clara de Chatelain - The Young Highlander: a love tale
Octave Feuillet - Onesta. A Venetian tale
Desconocido - The Corsican Brothers; or, the fatal duel
Calvin H. Wiley - Utopia: an early picture of life at the South
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Second series. Volume 2
Thomas Frost - The Corsican Brothers; or, the fatal duel
James Malcolm Rymer - Dorinda; or, the miser
George W. M. Reynolds - Pope Joan; or, the female pontiff
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Uncle Tom's Cabin: or, life among the lowly
Ebenezer Edward Peron Hingston - The Hangman's Daughter
J F Smith - The Young Chevalier; or, the wars of the Guelphs and Stuarts
George Marcus Viner - Rochester Castle; or, the test by fire
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Hebrew Maiden; or, the lost diamond. A Chivalric Romance
Eugène Sue - Miss Mary, ou l'institutrice
Alexandre Dumas - The Seven Mysteries
E. D. E. N. Southworth - The Discarded Daughter, or the Children of the Isle
James Malcolm Rymer - The Life and Adventures of Tom King the highwayman
Gabriel Alexander - Madalene Lisle; or, the maid of Kent
Eliza A. Dupuy - The Conspirator
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Life of Captain Macheath
Henry P. Cheever - The Witch of the Wave
Sylvanus Cobb, Jr. - The Bravo's Secret
Eugène Sue - Mary Lawson
George Borrow - The Spanish Gipsey
James Malcolm Rymer - The Black Mantle; or, the murder at the old ferry
James Malcolm Rymer - Mabel; or, the child of the battle field
Pierce Egan the Younger - Wat Tyler
James Malcolm Rymer - The Black Monk; or, the secret of the grey turret
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Brigand; or, the mountain chief
Thomas Peckett Prest - My Poll and my Partner Joe; or, pretty Poll of Putney
Jacques Étienne Adolphe Chenu - The Conspirators
Calvin H. Wiley - Adventures of Old Dan Tucker, and his son Walter
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Second series
Desconocido - Remarkable Trials
Robert Montgomery Bird - Nick of the Woods
J F Smith - The Chronicles of Stanfield Hall: the young chevalier
Edwin F. Roberts - Bertha Gray, the parish apprentice-girl
Desconocido - The Overlooker. A tale of the factories
Edwin F. Roberts - The Mother's Choice; or, the half-brothers
Edwin F. Roberts - The Coiners: A story of the sessions
Edwin F. Roberts - The Wreckers; a story of the coast
Edwin F. Roberts - The Trials of Rose Templeton
Edwin F. Roberts - Gerald Carew: a domestic story
James Malcolm Rymer - Dorinda; or, the miser A domestic romance
Douglas William Jerrold - Richard Parker; or, The Mutiny at the Nore
James Malcolm Rymer - Mabel; or, the child of the battle field. A romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Blighted Heart; or, the old priory ruins. A romance
Henry Cockton - The Love Match
Pierce Egan the Younger - Adam Bell; or, the archers of Englewood forest
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. Second series. Volume 1
Eugène Sue - The Mysteries of the People; or, the history of a proletarian family
Henry Cockton - The Steward: a romance of real life
Desconocido - The Illustrated Story-Teller
Desconocido - Clouds and Sunshine; or, the real and the ideal
Desconocido - Giralda; or, the invisible husband
Desconocido - Gertrude; or, the queen's vengeance!
James Malcolm Rymer - Heads and Hearts; or, my brother, the colonel
Henry George Brooks - Miss Lavender Miffs
Desconocido - Confessions of a swell mobsman
Desconocido - Eliza Montague; or, the beauty of old Bond street
James Malcolm Rymer - The Duchess
George W. M. Reynolds - The Bronze Statue
George W. M. Reynolds - The Slaves of England
George W. M. Reynolds - The Drunkard's Progress
J F Smith - Stanfield Hall
Desconocido - The Witches' Cliff, or, the fatal gulf
Desconocido - Jenny Diver, the female highwayman
Ellen T— - Emily Percy; or, the heiress of Sackville
James Malcolm Rymer - Claude Duval, the dashing highwayman
Desconocido - The Drunkard's Family
Thomas Frost - The Mysteries of Old Father Thames
Desconocido - The Merry Wives of London
Thomas Peckett Prest - Vice and its Victim: or, Phoebe, the peasant's daughter
Desconocido - Robert of Artois
Richard Bedingfield - Crime; or, the gamester's daughter
Thomas Miller - Gideon Giles; the roper
Ann S. Stephens - Julia Warren. A sequel to Palaces and Prisons
Alexandre Dumas - Dieu dispose
Thomas Frost - The Black Mask: or, the mysterious robber
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - The Mysteries of London. Fourth Series
Henry Cockton - The Steward
Desconocido - The Wolf of the Black Forest; or, the mysterious murder
Emmanuel Gonzalès - Rachel and Aixa; or, the Hebrew and the Moorish maidens
Thomas Archer - Roderick Dhu, Clan-Alpine's Chief; or, the Scottish outlaw
Pierce Egan the Younger - Paul Jones, the Pirate
Johann Friedrich Kind - The Demon Huntsman; A Romance of Diablerie
Carl Maria von Weber - The Demon Huntsman; A Romance of Diablerie
Alexandre Dumas - The Thousand and One Phantoms
James Malcolm Rymer - Vileroy; or, the horrors of Zindorf Castle
Desconocido - The Life of the King of the Beggars
Desconocido - The Great Fire of London, or, The mystery of 1666
Pierce Egan the Younger - The Young Rake, or, the history of Harry Racket Scapegrace
Pierce Egan the Younger - Harry Racket Scapegrace, the spoiled child
James Moutrie O'Neale Cooke - Jack Cade, the Insurrectionist
Mary Bennett - The Canadian Girl; or, the pirate of the Lakes
Hannah Maria Jones - The Pride of the Village
Charles W. Manby - Tom Racquet, and his three maiden aunts
Catherine George Ward - The Forest Girl; or, the mountain hut
Harriette Wilson - Memoirs of Harriette Wilson
Thomas Peckett Prest - Ben Bolt; or, the perils of a sailor
Henry Downes Miles - Claude du Val
Thomas Peckett Prest - Ela, the outcast; or, the gipsy of Rosemary Dell
Hannah Maria Jones - Ela, the outcast; or, the gipsy of Rosemary Dell
Renton Nicholson - Dombey and Daughter
George W. M. Reynolds - The Pixy; or, the unbaptised child
James Malcolm Rymer - Vileroy; or, the horrors of Zindorf Castle. A romance of chivalry
Harriette Wilson - The Memoirs of the Extraordinary Life and Adventures of Harriette Wilson
Jacques Étienne Adolphe Chenu - The Secret Societies of Paris
Pierce Egan the Younger - Wat Tyler; or, the Rebellion of 1381
Thomas Peckett Prest - Ben Bolt, or, the perils of a sailor. An original nautical and domestic romance
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. First series. Volume 2
Mary Bennett - Jane Shore: or, the goldsmith's wife
Henry Downes Miles - Claude du Val, a romance, of the days of Charles the Second
Susannah Frances Reynolds - Gretna Green; or, All for love
James Malcolm Rymer - The Widow Mortimer; or, The Marriage in the dark. A romance
Ellen T— - Eardley Hall. A tale
George W. M. Reynolds - The Days of Hogarth; or, the mysteries of old London
George W. M. Reynolds - The Steam Packet: a tale of the river and the ocean
Hannah Maria Jones - The Ruined Cottage; or, the farmer's maid
James Malcolm Rymer - The String of Pearls, or, The Barber of Fleet Street : a domestic romance
Desconocido - The Vision; or, love and life
Desconocido - Adelaide St. Julien
James Malcolm Rymer - Love and Matrimony
Desconocido - Second Series of the Voyages, Travels, and Perilous Adventures of Restless Harry
James Malcolm Rymer - A Flaw in the Diamond
Henry George Brooks - Mrs. Lorimer Spinks; or, the married lady that was a little too gay
Helen Harkness - Love, War, and Adventure
Desconocido - Lady Hamilton; or, Nelson's legacy
Desconocido - The Lady Godiva; or, Peeping Tom of Coventry
Desconocido - The Poisoners; or the death of Sir T. Overbury. To which is added, The Murder of Sir T. Boughton
Desconocido - The Poisoners; or the death of Sir T. Overbury
Desconocido - The Murder of Sir T. Boughton
Desconocido - The Galley-Slave
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - George Barnwell, the City Apprentice
Alexandre Dumas - The Thousand and One Phantoms; to be read between eleven o'clock and midnight
Thomas Miller - Godfrey Malvern
Eugène Sue - La Paresse. Le cousin Michel
Thomas Peckett Prest - Agnes the Unknown; or, the beggar's secret
James Malcolm Rymer - Love and Mystery; or, married and single
Thomas Miller - The Mysteries of London. Third Series
Desconocido - The Mendicants of London
Eugène Sue - Idleness; or, Cousin Michael
Paul Féval padre - Woman's Love
Alexandre Dumas - Memoir of a successful French lady of fashion
Abate Prévost - The Mysteries of Love
Ann S. Stephens - Lost and Found
Alexandre de Lavergne - The Fair Circassian; or, the Gulf of Smyrna
Eugène Sue - The Seven Cardinal Sins
Alexandre Dumas - The Galley-Slave, Gabriel Lambert
Émile Souvestre - Julien; or, the dead man come to life again
Maria Jane McIntosh - Mary and Evelyn; or, charms and counter-charms
James Lindridge - Tyburn Tree; or, the mysteries of the past
Joseph Holt Ingraham - The Silver Ship of Mexico. A tale of the Spanish Main
Emmanuel Gonzalès - The Pearl Fisher of St. Domingo
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of the Court of London. First series
Alphonse de Lamartine - Raphael
Thomas Peckett Prest - Angelina; or, The Mystery of St. Mark's Abbey
Paul Pimlico - The Factory Girl. A tale in six chapters
Paul Pimlico - The Manufacturer. A tale in six chapters
George W. M. Reynolds - The Coral Island
Eugène Sue - Les Mystères du Peuple ou Histoire d'une famille de prolétaires à travers les âges
Desconocido - Jack Junk; or, the tar for all weathers
Alexandre Dumas - Francis the First; or, the sculptor's apprentice and the provost's daughter, volume 1
Alexandre Dumas - Francis the First; or, the sculptor's apprentice and the provost's daughter, volume 2
Alexandre Dumas - The Memoirs of a Physician
Alexandre Dumas - Memoirs of a Physician
Edwin F. Roberts - The Bottle; or, the drunkard's career
Gabriel Alexander - The Bottle; or, the drunkard's career
Charles Augustus Murray - Ottawah, the last chief of the Red Indians of Newfoundland
Ellen T— - Eardley Hall
Walter Somers - Stradella: or, the power of song
Francis Glasse - The Fortunes of Montague
Ebenezer Edward Peron Hingston - Mildred Winnerley; or, The curse of beauty
James Lindridge - De Lisle; or, the shipwrecked stranger
Emmanuel Gonzalès - Esaü le lépreux
Eugène Sue - La Colère. Tison d'enfer
Eugène Sue - La Luxure. Madeleine
William Heard Hillyard - Catalina; or, the Spaniard's revenge
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Royal Twins; or, the sisters of mystery
Alexandre Dumas - Queen Margot of Valois
Eugène Sue - Anger; or, the firebrand
Eugène Sue - Voluptuousness; or, Madeline
Alexandre Dumas - The Forty-Five Guardsmen
Desconocido - Tales of the Drama; being historical accounts of all the popular pieces of the day
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Pearl of the Ocean; or the prince and the mermaiden
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Lighterman of Bankside; or, the orphan of Bermondsey
Thomas Peckett Prest - John Savile of Haysted
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Wife's Secret
Thomas Peckett Prest - Love's Sacrifice; or, the rival merchants
Thomas Peckett Prest - Faust; or, the demon of the Drachenfels
Thomas Peckett Prest - Naida; or, the goddess of El Dorado
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Flowers of the Forest, A Gipsy Story!
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Adventures of a Gentleman
Thomas Peckett Prest - Leontine; or, Gerald the pedlar
Thomas Peckett Prest - Thérèse, ou l'orpheline de Genève
Henry George Brooks - The Twin Brothers of Whitehall; or, the mother's curse
Alexandre Dumas - Captain Paul, the pirate
Fanny Reybaud - The Dowerless
Thomas Peckett Prest - Tales of the Drama; being historical accounts of all the popular pieces of the day
Desconocido - David Watson; or, The London 'prentice
George Lippard - Dora Livingstone, the Adulteress
Ned Buntline - The King of the Sea. A tale of the fearless and free
Euphemia Geraldine Walker - The Child of Two Fathers; or, the mysteries of the days of old
John Henry Mancur - Constance; or, the star of the ballet
Augustus Julian Requier - The Old Sanctuary
John Cartwright Cross - Julia St. Pierre
Desconocido - The Adventures of Marmaduke Midge
Thomas Frost - Paul, the Poacher
Thomas Dunn English - The Doom of the Drinker
Eugène-François Vidocq - Life in Paris, or the adventures of a marquis
Henry Cockton - The Life and Adventures of Valentine Vox
William Thomas Haley - Mysteries of the Old Castles of France
Paul Féval padre - The Black Mendicant
Eugène Sue - Voluptuousness; or, Madeleine
Eugène Sue - Anger
George W. M. Reynolds - The Days of Hogarth
Paul Féval padre - Une Pécheresse
Desconocido - Stradella: or, the power of song
Victor Henri Joseph Brahain Ducange - Thérèse, ou l'orpheline de Genève
Charles Selby - The Pearl of the Ocean; or the prince and the mermaiden
John Courtney - The Lighterman of Bankside; or, the orphan of Bermondsey
James White - John Savile of Haysted
Desconocido - Turpin's Famous Ride to York
Eugène-François Vidocq - Life in Paris
Alexandre Dumas - The Three Musketeers
Eugène-François Vidocq - Life in Paris, or the adventures of a marquis; a new historical romance
Henry Downes Miles - Clark's Battles of England and tales of the wars. Volume 4
George William Lovell - Love's Sacrifice; or, the rival merchants
H. P. Grattan - Faust; or, the demon of the Drachenfels
Thomas Herbert Reynoldson - Naida; or, the goddess of El Dorado
John Baldwin Buckstone - The Flowers of the Forest, A Gipsy Story!
Mark Lemon - The Adventures of a Gentleman
Charles Zachary Barnett - Leontine; or, Gerald the pedlar
Desconocido - The Outcasts of London: or, Pauline the victim of crime
Desconocido - The string of pearls
James Malcolm Rymer - The Dream of a Life
Ellen T— - Ravensdale
James Malcolm Rymer - Widow Mortimer. A Romance
Henry Downes Miles - Jerry Abershaw; or, the mother's curse
James Malcolm Rymer - The Love Child
John Faucit Saville - The Heads of the Headless
Desconocido - The Arabian Nights' Entertainments; or, the thousand and one nights
Desconocido - The Mysteries of the Madhouse; or, annals of Bedlam
Desconocido - The Story Teller
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - Jack Sheppard; or, London in the last century
George W. M. Reynolds - Master Timothy
George W. M. Reynolds - The Baronet
George W. M. Reynolds - The Two Sisters
George W. M. Reynolds - The Engraver
George W. M. Reynolds - A Legend of Grandier
George W. M. Reynolds - The Fatal Glove
George W. M. Reynolds - The Three Friends
George W. M. Reynolds - The Family Conspiracy
George W. M. Reynolds - The Man with the Iron Mask
Susannah Frances Reynolds - The Duke of Cavalcanti
George W. M. Reynolds - The Duchess of Cavalcanti
James Malcolm Rymer - Varney the Vampyre; or, the feast of blood. A romance
Eugène Sue - Les Sept Péchés capitaux
Eugène Sue - Martin, the Foundling; Memoirs of a Valet de Chambre
Ellen T— - Ravensdale. A romance
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of London. Second series
Francis Glasse - Osmyn the unknown
Desconocido - Tales of Heroism, and Record of Strange and Wonderful Adventures. Being a collection and register of deeds of bravery, heroism, and devotion
William Hurton - The King's Daughter; or, revelations of our own times
George W. M. Reynolds - Master Timothy's book-case; or the magic lanthorn of the world
Ebenezer Edward Peron Hingston - Amy; or, love and madness
Desconocido - The Divorce; or, the mystery of the wreck
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Jew and the Foundling
Desconocido - Newgate. A romance
James Malcolm Rymer - The Lady in Black; or, the widow and the wife
Maria Jane McIntosh - The Lives of Grace and Isabel; or, to seem and to be.
Eugène Sue - Martin, the Foundling; or, the adventures of a valet-de-chambre
Eugène Sue - Martin the Foundling; or, memoirs of a valet-de-chambre
Benjamin Barker - The Pirate Queen
Eugène Sue - Eugene Sue's miscellaneous works
Eugène Sue - Paula Monti; or, the hotel Lambert
Alexandre Dumas - The Planter of the Isle of France
Desconocido - Magdelene; or, the monk's prophecy
Alexandre Dumas - Celebrated Crimes
Alphonse Royer - Tales of the French and Italian Wars
Alexandre Dumas - Pascal Bruno the Sicilian bandit
Alexandre Dumas - Monte Christo
Eugène Sue - Martin the Foundling
Alexandre Dumas - The Marchioness of Brinvilliers, the poisoner
Alexandre Dumas - The Marchioness of Ganges
Alexandre Dumas - Vaninka; or, the murdered lover
Alphonse Royer - The Constable of Bourbon
Alphonse Royer - The Knight of St. John
Hippolyte-Jules Demolière - Christine; an adventure of Charles XII
Eugène Sue - The Commander of Malta
Eugène Sue - Atar-Gull; or, the slave's revenge
Desconocido - Tales of the Pirates; or, lives of smugglers and buccaneers
Eugène Sue - Miscellaneous Works Containing The commander of Malta, a maritime tale; Atar-Gull; or, The slave's revenge; Paula Monti
Wilhelmina Johnson - The Ranger of the Tomb; or, Gipsy's prophecy
T. H. Fenton - Florence Graham; or, the pirate's daughter
Desconocido - Mary, the Primrose Girl; or, the heir of Stanmore
Mary Kentish - The Maid of the Village; or, the farmer's daughter
Desconocido - Lucy Neal; or, Negro life, love, mirth and character
M. L. Sweetser - The Double Courtship. A romance of deep interest
Maturin Murray Ballou - I'm afloat, I'm afloat: or, Roderick the rover
Alexandre Guiraud - The Priest of Barcelona
Eugène Sue - The Seven Capital Sins
George W. M. Reynolds - The Parricide; or, the youth's career of crime
Henry P. Cheever - The Black Vulture; or, the rival brothers
James Malcolm Rymer - Retribution; or, the murder at the old dyke
Desconocido - The Bride and the Mother; or, passion and prejudice.
Desconocido - Manuscripts from the Diary of a Physician, volume 2
Henry Downes Miles - Clark's Battles of England and tales of the wars. Volume 2
Henry Downes Miles - Clark's Battles of England and tales of the wars. Volume 3
George W. M. Reynolds - Faust: a romance of the secret tribunals
George W. M. Reynolds - The Last Day of a Condemned
James Malcolm Rymer - Ada, the Betrayed; or, the murder at the old smithy. A romance of passion
James Malcolm Rymer - The String of Pearls. A romance
George W. M. Reynolds - Wagner: the wehr-wolf
Eugène Sue - The Mysteries of Paris
James Malcolm Rymer - The Iron Mask. A romance
Francis O'Sulivan - The Organ Girl
James Malcolm Rymer - The Ordeal by Touch
Ellen T— - Rose Sommerville
George W. M. Reynolds - Faust
Richard Bedingfield - Moll Cutpurse; or, Cromwell and the cavalier
Eugène Sue - Martin l'enfant trouvé
Frédéric Soulié - It Was Time
Frédéric Soulié - Amelia; or, it was time
Thomas Peckett Prest - Paul the reckless; or, the fugitive's doom
James Malcolm Rymer - Family Secrets; or, a page from life's volume
James Malcolm Rymer - The First False Step
George Dibdin-Pitt - The Sea-Fiend; or, the abbot of St. Mark's
Robert Huish - Seduction; or, the perils of a woman's life
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Convict
Eugène Sue - The Godolphin Arabian
Eugène Sue - The Godolphin Arabian; or, the horse and his keeper
Charles Sealsfield - The White Rose. An Indian tale
Frances Sheridan - Eugenia & Adelaide; or, the triumph of constancy
Martha Harley - The Priory of St. Bernard. A novel
Isabella Kelly - Joscelina: or, the rewards of benevolence
Eugène Sue - Arthur: or, the journal of an unknown
Eugène Sue - Matilda: or the memoirs of a young woman
Alexandre Dumas - Marie Antoinette; or, the chevalier of the Red House
Alexandre Dumas - The Prisoner of If; or The Revenge of Monte-Christo
Paul Féval padre - The Midnight Reckoning; or, the Molly Maguires
Charles Philipon - The Parody of the Wandering Jew
Louis Adrien Huart - The Parody of the Wandering Jew
Paul Féval padre - The Loves of Paris
Eugène Sue - The Wandering Jew: a tale of the Jesuits
William Gilmore Simms - Count Julian; or, the last days of the Goth. An historical romance
C. M. Johnston - The Four Greys; or, travelling adventures in Ireland
Anna Lowell Snelling - Kabaosa: or the warriors of the West. A tale of the last war
Narcisse Fournier - Struensee: or, the queen and the favourite. A romance of Danish history
Auguste Arnould - Struensee: or, the queen and the favourite. A romance of Danish history
Eugène Sue - Fascination; or, the adventures of the Marquis de Létorière
Eugène Sue - Kardiki; or, the vizier's revenge
Émile Souvestre - Man and Money: or, the valley of Penhoat
Émile Souvestre - Sketches of Brittany and its Inhabitants
Robert Huish - The Nun of Gnadenzell
Eugène Scribe - Piquillo Alliaga; or, the Moors under Philip the Third of Spain
Charles Jefferys - Jeannette and Jeannot; or, the conscript's vow
George Gordon Byron - The Mysteries of the Forest
Joseph Holt Ingraham - The Slave King; or, the revolt of the Mexitili
Charles Rabou - The Widow's Walk; or, the mystery of crime
Henry Downes Miles - Clark's Battles of England and tales of the wars
James Malcolm Rymer - Jane Shore; or, London in the reign of Edward the Fourth
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Ocean Child; or, the lost vessel
Henry Downes Miles - Clark's Battles of England and tales of the wars. Volume 1
Henry Downes Miles - Tales of the Wars: or, naval and military chronicle. Volume 5
Helen Harkness - Love, War, and Adventure. Tales
James Malcolm Rymer - The Ordeal by Touch. A romance
James Malcolm Rymer - The Deceiver's Doom; or, the cousins
James Malcolm Rymer - Tales of the Times
Desconocido - The Noble Libertine; or, the banditti of the Ochils
Desconocido - Margaret Catchpole, the female horse-stealer
Desconocido - Guy of Aulstone
Francis O'Sulivan - The Sexton of Aldgate
Francis O'Sulivan - The Spirit of the Thames
James Malcolm Rymer - Gold; or, the stranger of the wreck
James Malcolm Rymer - Adele; or, the robbers of the new forest
James Malcolm Rymer - Brentwood of Brentwood
Desconocido - Twenty Years of Professional Life
Stephen Carr Clarke Hunt - Melina the Murderess; or, the soldier's victim
Alexander Somerville - Eliza Grimwood, a domestic legend of the Waterloo Road
Thomas Peckett Prest - Black-Eyed Susan; or, the sailor's bride
Thomas Archer - Richard Coeur de Lion
Frédéric Soulié - The Mysteries of the Heaths; or the Chateau de Chevalaine
Giovanni La Cecilia - Masaniello, The Fisherman King of Naples
Frédéric Soulié - Il était temps! ou À quelque chose malheur est bon
Manuel de Cuendías - The Mysteries of the Inquisition
Victorine Subervick - The Mysteries of the Inquisition
Alexandre Dumas - Une fille du Régent
Desconocido - The Hampstead Murder; or, the prediction
George W. M. Reynolds - The Mysteries of London
Thomas Peckett Prest - Temptation; or, the mysterious casket
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Lone Cottage; or, who's the stranger?
J. H. Newton - Hofer, the patriot of the Tyrol
Alexandre Dumas - The Regent's Daughter
Susan Anne Ridley Sedgwick - Alida; or, town and country
Eugène Sue - The Wandering Jew
James Malcolm Rymer - Don Caesar de Bazan
Alexandre Dumas - Margaret of Navarre; or the massacre of St. Bartholomew's Eve
Victor Hugo - The Noble Rival; or, the prince of Congo
George Sand - The Sin of M. Antoine
Eugène Sue - The Female Bluebeard: or The Adventurer
Victor Hugo - Hans of Iceland; or, the demon dwarf
Harriet Beecher Stowe - Temperance and Intemperance
Eugène Sue - The Salamander. A naval romance
Mary Brunton - Discipline. A novel
Emilie Flygare-Carlén - The Rose of Thistle Isle; or, the smugglers of the Swedish coast
Karl Spindler - The Invalide; or, pictures of the French revolution. A romance
Karl Spindler - The Jew. A romance of the early part of the fifteenth century
Victor Hugo - Claude Gueux; or, the murder at Clairvaux
Eugène Sue - The Abbey of Saint Quentin
Thomas Peckett Prest - Geraldine; or, the secret assassins of the old stone cross
George Gleig - The Stranger's Grave
Desconocido - Nell Gwynne; or, the mysteries of the court of Charles the Second
James Malcolm Rymer - Grace Rivers; or, the merchant's daughter
Desconocido - Love and Crime; or, the mystery of the convent
Thomas Peckett Prest - Luke Somerton; or, the English renegade
Thomas Peckett Prest - Marianne, the child of charity
Eugène Sue - Therese Dunoyer; or, the manor house of Treff-Hartlog
Eugène Sue - The Temptation; or, the watch tower of Koat-Vën
Henry Downes Miles - Dick Turpin
Thomas Peckett Prest - Black-Eyed Susan; or, the sailor's bride. A nautical romance
Eugène Sue - Temptation; or, the watch tower of Koat-Vën
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Death Grasp; or, a father's curse. A romance of startling interest
Hannah Maria Jones - The Peasant Girl
Desconocido - The Conspirator. A novel
James Malcolm Rymer - Woman's Life; or, the trials of the heart
Thomas Peckett Prest - Mariette; or, the forger's wife and the child of destiny
James Malcolm Rymer - The Compact
F. Y. B. L. - Julia Tremaine; or, a father's wish and a husband's duty
Desconocido - Two Dead Bodies. A tale of love, war, and horror
James Malcolm Rymer - Destiny; or, the legend of Cranbrook Cross
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - Vivian Vernon or, the follies of the day
Desconocido - Aunt Esther; or the two captains
Desconocido - Wharton Hall, or the three brothers.
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - Maude Marsden; or, the camp and court of the "Merry Monarch"
Frédéric Soulié - Pride and Vanity; or, the Banker and the Peer
Frédéric Soulié - Crime and Vengeance
Richard Bedingfield - The Peer and the Blacksmith
Richard Bedingfield - The Miser's Son
Jocquim Hayward Stocqueler - Lucretia Borgia, a romance of history
Mary Julia Young - Donalda; or, the witches of Glenshiel, a Caledonian legend
Desconocido - The Furious Husband
Manuel de Cuendías - Les Mystères de l'Inquisition et autres sociétés secrètes d'Espagne
Victorine Subervick - Les Mystères de l'Inquisition et autres sociétés secrètes d'Espagne
Alexandre Dumas - Le Comte de Monte Cristo
Fanny Reybaud - Sans dot
Alexandre Dumas - La Reine Margot
Thomas Peckett Prest - Gilbert Copley, the reprobate
Desconocido - The Smuggler's Daughter, or the story of Eugene Aram
Paul de Musset - Anna Boleyn: an historical romance
Maria Jane McIntosh - Woman an Enigma; or, life and its revealings
Victor Hugo - La Esmeralda; or, the Hunchback of Notre Dame
Walter Scott - The Lay of the Last Ministrel. A poem
Walter Scott - The Lady of the Lake
Richard Henry Dana - Two Years Before the Mast
Ann Radcliffe - The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne. A highland story
Walter Scott - Marmion: a tale of Flodden Field
Catharine Sedgwick - The Linwoods: or, "Sixty years since" in America
Desconocido - The Life of a Policeman
Desconocido - Donalda; or, the witches of Glenshiel
Maria Jane McIntosh - Conquest and Self-Conquest: or, which makes the hero?
Theodore Sedgwick Fay - The Brothers: or, the double duel. A romance of New York
Frédéric Soulié - The Victim of a Name
Thomas Peckett Prest - Therese; or, the orphan of Geneva
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Smuggler King; or, the foundling of the wreck
Francis Lathom - The Mysterious Freebooter: or, the bride of mystery
Thomas Peckett Prest - Martha Willis; or, the maid, the profligate, and the felon
Desconocido - Manuscripts from the Diary of a Physician
Pierce Egan the Younger - Fair Rosamond, An Historical Romance
James Malcolm Rymer - The White Slave. A romance for the nineteenth century
J. H. Newton - William Tell, the hero of Switzerland
Desconocido - The Poacher's Daughter
James Malcolm Rymer - Stella; or, the omen of the grave.
Edward Litt Laman Blanchard - Maude Marsden, or the court and camp of Charles the Second
Pierce Egan the Younger - Fair Rosamond, A Romance of History
Thomas Peckett Prest - Florence; or, the wild mountain maid
Desconocido - The Maid of Orleans. An original romance
Thomas Peckett Prest - Tales of Minstrelsy
James Malcolm Rymer - Felicia; or, the tempter and his victim
Desconocido - Malvolino; or, the mysteries of the forest
Desconocido - Isabel; or the English maiden
Desconocido - Hugo de Ville, or the career of a murderer
Desconocido - National Legends, and tales of adventure, passion, and imagination
James Malcolm Rymer - Ada, the Betrayed; or, the murder at the old smithy
James Malcolm Rymer - Alice Home
William Taylor - Brachman Padmanaba
Johann Baptist von Alxinger - Bloomsbury and Felicia
Thomas Peckett Prest - Almira's Curse; or, the black tower of Bransdorf
Christoph Martin Wieland - Ambrosio and Acantha
Erik Julius Björner - Leander and Aldina
Élie Berthet - The Convert; or, the prior of red penitents
Léon Gozlan - The Convert; or, the prior of red penitents
William B. English - Rosina Meadows, the Village Maid
Thomas Peckett Prest - Rosalie; or, the vagrant's daughter
William Hurton - The Pirate's Doom; or, a midshipman's first voyage
Desconocido - The Illustrated Garden of Romance
Desconocido - The Indian Chief
Alexandre Dumas - Desrues, the Poisoner; or, all for gold
François Guillaume Ducray-Duminil - Victor; or, the child of the forest
Timothy Shay Arthur - Bell Martin; or, the heiress
Eugène Sue - Paula Monti, or the Hotel Lambert. A Domestic Tale of Modern Life
William Gilmore Simms - The Yemassee. A romance of Carolina
Sophie Ristaud Cottin - Elizabeth; or, the exiles of Siberia
Horace Walpole - The Castle of Otranto: a gothic story
Clara Reeve - The Old English Baron: a gothic story
Ann Radcliffe - The Italian; or, the confessional of the black penitents. A romance
Henry Mackenzie - The Man of Feeling
John Heather - Fanny Greenwell; or, the old farm house
John Heather - Emeline; or, the love pledge
Eugène Sue - The Salamander. A tale of the French Navy, founded on fact
Desconocido - Bloomsbury and Felicia
Desconocido - Ambrosio and Acantha
Desconocido - Leander and Aldina
Desconocido - Brachman Padmanaba
Desconocido - The Convert; or, the prior of red penitents
Mary Brunton - Self-Control. A novel
William Gilmore Simms - Beauchampe: or, the Kentucky tragedy. A tale of passion
Desconocido - Transatlantic Tales, Sketches, and Legends
John Hawkesworth - Almoran and Hamlet: an oriental tale
John Langhorne - Solyman and Almena: an oriental tale
Frances Sheridan - The History of Nourjahad the Persian
William Gilmore Simms - The Damsel of Darien. A tale of the early conquest of Peru
Henry Theodore Tuckerman - Isabel; or, a pilgrimage in Sicily
Thomas Gaspey - The Lollards: a tale of the fifteenth century
Henry Mackenzie - The Man of the World. In two parts
Henry Mackenzie - Julia de Roubigné. A tale. In a series of letters
Jacques-Henri Bernardin de Saint-Pierre - Paul and Virginia
Jean-François Marmontel - Belisarius: a tale
Desconocido - The Red Cross Warrior; or, the spirit of the night
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Wife's Dream; or, a profligate's lesson
Desconocido - The Monument or great fire of London
Desconocido - The Maid, the Wife, and the Widow; or, the secret of the mirrored chamber.
James Malcolm Rymer - The Lover's Fate; or, the vision of the raven tower
James Malcolm Rymer - The Dream of a life. A romance
Desconocido - Kirkleven; or the pilgrimage of Grace
Desconocido - Deeds of Guilt! Or, the desolate house on the waste
Desconocido - The Fire-Fly. A tale of the sea
Desconocido - Prudhoe Castle, or the mysterious abduction
Oliver Sullivan - Miles Glin
Desconocido - The Voyages, Travels, and Perilous Adventures of Restless Harry
Thomas Peckett Prest - Gertrude of the Rock; or, the mysterious hermit
Desconocido - Helen Danvers, or faith and falsehood
Henry George Brooks - The Twin Brothers of Whitehall
Desconocido - The Adventures of Percival Pinkerton
Desconocido - Floris and Blanchefleur
Desconocido - Theodora, of Seville
James Malcolm Rymer - Blanche; or, the fearful mystery of the doomed house
Desconocido - The Mysterious Dagger; or, the avengers!
Desconocido - Deveril the Cracksman; or, the autobiography of a thief
James Malcolm Rymer - Adeline; or, the grave of the forsaken
Thomas Archer - Richard of England; or, the Lion King!
Thomas Peckett Prest - Blanche Heriot
Eugène Sue - Paula Monti ou l'Hôtel Lambert
Eugène Sue - Los misterios de París
Desconocido - The Fate of Gaspar or, the mystic caverns
Thomas Peckett Prest - The Highland Watch Tower; or, the sons of Glenalvon
Thomas Peckett Prest - May Grayson; or, love and treachery
Desconocido - The Heiress, or, The mysteries of Brandon Abbey
Thomas Peckett Prest - Kathleen; or, the secret marriage
Thomas Peckett Prest - Emily Fitzormond; or, the deserted one
Pierce Egan the Younger - Captain Macheath; or, The highwayman of a century since!
Robert Southey - The Destroyer; or, the sorcerers of the Domdaniel
Thomas Peckett Prest - Mary Clifford; or, the foundling apprentice girl
Honoré de Balzac - Mother and Daughter; or, la Marana
Friedrich Schiller - The Dishonoured Irreclaimable
Charles Brockden Brown - Wieland: or, The ventriloquist. An American tale
Robert Montgomery Bird - Robin Day: or, the rover's life
Caroline Kirkland - A New Home: Who'll Follow? or, glimpses of western life
Sarah Josepha Hale - Try and Trust
John Malcolm - Helen Waters
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - Hyperion. A romance
William Anderson - The Little Italian Boy
Joseph Strutt - Queenhoo Hall. A legendary romance. Being a history of times past
John Banim - The Irish Lord Lieutenant and his Double
Elizabeth Helme - The Farmer of Inglewood Forest
Desconocido - The Wreck of the Heart; or, the story of Agnes Primrose
Alain-René Lesage - Theodora, of Seville
Desconocido - The Three Rivals; or, Theodora, the Spanish widow
James Malcolm Rymer - The Miller's Maid
John Neal - Otter-Bag, the Oneida Chief
John R. Willis - Carleton; or, patriotism, love, and duty. A tale of seventeen hundred and seventy-six
Harriet Lee - Canterbury Tales
Louisa Stanhope - Rosaline; or, the outlaw's bride
William Johnson Neale - Will Watch: a tale of the coast
